Fixed #37140 -- Documented NULL handling of __in subqueries. (#21501)
django/django: docs/ref/models/querysets.txt

    the first query. Without it, a nested query would be executed, because
    :ref:`querysets-are-lazy`.

.. warning::

    **Subqueries and NULL values**

    If the queryset passed on the right-hand side of ``__in`` is a subquery
    that can return ``NULL`` values, it can produce unexpected or empty query
    results due to SQL's three-valued logic.

    For example, when using ``exclude(field__in=subquery)``, if the subquery
    returns even a single ``NULL`` value, the SQL ``NOT IN`` comparison will
    evaluate to ``UNKNOWN`` for all rows, resulting in an empty queryset.
    This also applies to ``filter()`` if the outer field can be null, as
    ``NULL`` comparisons will never evaluate to ``TRUE``.

    To avoid this, filter out ``NULL`` values from the inner queryset:

    .. code-block:: python

        inner_qs = Blog.objects.filter(name__isnull=False).values("pk")
        entries = Entry.objects.exclude(blog__in=inner_qs)

    Alternatively, rewrite the query to use a NULL-safe
    :class:`~django.db.models.Exists` subquery.

>     See :ticket:`20024` for similar caveats when passing a literal list of

Reviewer: Your latest edit no longer includes this line.
Is this because you have already incorporated the example of the list of values?

If so, I appreciate the change. I find it much clearer and more effective than referring to a ticket.

Author: Yes, exactly! I incorporated explicit code examples for both subqueries and literal lists directly into the warning block, making the documentation self-contained so users don't have to reference ticket #20024.

Thank you for the feedback! I'll update the PR files with this revised text now.

    the first query. Without it, a nested query would be executed, because
    :ref:`querysets-are-lazy`.

.. warning::

    **NULL values and three-valued logic**

    If the right-hand side of an ``__in`` lookup (either a subquery or a list

>     of values) contains or evaluates to ``NULL`` (or ``None``), it can produce

Reviewer 2: This is looking good! What do you think about removing the explicit mention of "(either a subquery or a list of values)" as the `in` expression already requires the RHS to be an iterable?

```suggestion
    If the right-hand side of an ``__in`` lookup contains or evaluates to ``NULL`` (or ``None``), it can produce
```

>     of values) contains or evaluates to ``NULL`` (or ``None``), it can produce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the right-hand side of an ``__in`` lookup (either a subquery or a list
    of values) contains  ``NULL`` (or ``None``), it can produce
```
The evaluated part could be removed because the right part should be an iterable, containing only a value of `NULL` and not being `NULL` itself.
